{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1031\deflangfe1031{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f118\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0500000000000000}VAG Rounded Black SSi;}
{\f135\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f136\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f138\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f139\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f140\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f141\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f142\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red255\green204\blue0;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1031\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\qc \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f118\fs56\lang2057\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1031 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\qc \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f118\fs72\cf17\lang2057\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1031 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1031\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Normal (Web);}}{\info
{\title EFFESER presents:}{\author Fritz Martin Ritschel}{\operator Fritz Martin Ritschel}{\creatim\yr2002\mo3\dy26\hr10\min50}{\revtim\yr2002\mo3\dy26\hr10\min50}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords607}{\nofchars3463}{\nofcharsws4252}{\vern8249}}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1134 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1417\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1
\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1031\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 {
\f118\fs32\cf1\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 EFFESER presents:
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qc \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f118\fs56\lang2057\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1031 {\cf6 Huey,}{ }{\cf2 Duey}{ and }{\cf4 Louie}{
\par }\pard\plain \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1031\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 {\f118\fs36\cf15\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 starring in
\par }\pard\plain \s2\qc \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f118\fs72\cf17\lang2057\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1031 {Noirduck\rquote s  Legacy
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1031\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 {\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1031\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 {\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\fs32\ul\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 Contents: 
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 1.Disclaimer
\par 2.Foreword
\par 3. Game Content and goals 
\par 4.Installing
\par 5.Controlls and game system etc.
\par 6.Credits
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1031\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 {\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 7.EFFESER Internet site
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1031\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 {\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 
\par }{\fs32\ul\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 1.Disclaimer}{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057  (be sure to read this)
\par We do not claim that the included characters (Huey, Duey, Louie etc.) are our ideas. These characters are property of the Walt Disney company. We don\rquote 
 intend to make money out of characters. This is a freeware game, made for fun and challenge. Making profit with this game is strictly forbidden (e.g Shareware CD roms)
\par We are not to be held responsible for any kind of damage this game could cause on your system, it\rquote s to be played on your own risk.
\par 
\par }{\fs32\ul\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 2.Foreword
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 Thank you for downloading our freeware game \'93Huey, Duey and Louie starring in starring in Noirduck\rquote s  Legacy\'94
. EFFESER hopes you will enjoy playing though our game. We decided to make Ducktales game with Huey Duey and Louie since they never got a game of their own, despite the fact they are very well developed characters.
\par If you got any thoughts to share with us mail them to }{\field{\*\fldinst {\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057  HYPERLINK "mailto:effeser@yahoo.de" }{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b020000001700000011000000650066006600650073006500720040007900610068006f006f002e00640065000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b300000006d00610069006c0074006f003a00650066006600650073006500720040007900610068006f006f002e006400
65000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs15\ul\cf2\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 effeser@yahoo.de}}}{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 
\par 
\par }{\fs32\ul\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 3.Game Content and goals
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 In this game you take control over Huey, Duey and Louie to collect three key which they need to unlock a treasure chest once owned by the great count Noirduck of France.
\par The main characters and some enemies where taken directly form Disney\rquote s hit series \'93Ducktales\'94.
\par 
\par }{\fs32\ul\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 4.Installing
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 Simply unzip the .exe file in a directory of your desire and double click it. The loading screen will appear. The time required for loading depends on the speed and memory of your computer.
\par 
\par }{\fs32\ul\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 5.1 Controls
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 
\par LEFT/RIGHT \endash  character movement / selections in the main menu
\par ENTER \endash  confirm selections/ skip sequences
\par W \endash  jump (time pressed equals jump height)
\par }{\lang1040\langfe1031\langnp1040 E \endash  \'93Pillar\'94 Mode
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 Q \endash  detonate box when standing on a switch (final stage only)
\par 1 - Play as Huey (default) /save or load game in menu
\par 2 - Play as Duey /save or load game in menu
\par 3 - Play as Louie /save or load game in menu
\par ALT + F4 \endash  Exit the game
\par ESC \endash  Restart the game
\par 
\par }{\fs32\ul\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 5.2 Game System
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 \'93Noirducks Legacy\'94 uses the \'93EFFESER Team system\'94 a platform game engine that allows switching characters and using the for team functions.
\par The following actions are possible
\par -Stand on a character that is in \'93Pillar\'94 Mode
\par -Push an object by letting all members touch it
\par -Crush an object by putting all members on it
\par -Open Locks by touching it
\par 
\par There are also some objects that can only be activated/passed by a certain character
\par 
\par 2 quick examples:
\par }\pard \ql \li708\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin708\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 -You find yourself playing as Huey and can\rquote 
t jump on a platform since it is too high. Now  switch to another character of your choice, move him next to Huey, press \'93E\'94 and let Huey stand on the character in \'93Pillar\'94 Mode. Due to the extra height you can jump on the platform now
\par -A rock blocks your path. Move all three characters next to it and the rock will roll away
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs32\ul\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 5.3 Health, Life and Pickups
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 
\par Huey, Duey and Louie start with three lifes (shared) and an individual three point health bar for each of them. Once the health is all gone your character is as well.
\par The following pickus exist:
\par -Dime (collect 10 of them for an extra life)
\par -Ice Cream (adds one point to your health bar)
\par -Sparkling drink (adds an additional life)
\par -Red Pepper (makes you invincible for a limited amount of time)
\par 
\par }{\fs32\ul\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 5.4 Saving, Loading, Stage menu
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 
\par You can save after finishing a stage by pressing the 1, 2 or 3 key. Loading is possible from the main menu. Usually you will find yourself in the stage menu after loading. . Here your health stock will be refilled 
and if you life number is less than 3 you will be given 3 lifes. Use up and down to select a stage. You can\rquote t visit a stage more than once.
\par 
\par }{\fs32\ul\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 6.Credits
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 
\par EFFESER is: Red Glyph, Hologram
\par 
\par Programming, Artwork, Concept and some Voices by Red Glyph (Falko Ritschel)
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1031\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 {\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 Game Engine by Mark Overmars (Game Maker 4.1)

\par Sound Effects selected by Hologram and Red Glyph
\par Manual by Falko Ritschel
\par Special thanks to everyone on the GM4 board that helped me, keep making challenging games guys!
\par }{\fs32\ul\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 7. EFFESER Internet site
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 If you want to learn more about EFFESER and our games, visit us at
\par www.geocities.com/effeser/
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1031\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 {\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 
\par }\pard \ql \li708\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin708\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }}