{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f28\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020e060402020b020907}StarTrek Film BT;}{\f294\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f295\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f297\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f298\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f299\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f300\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f301\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f302\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f303\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f305\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f306\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f307\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f308\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f309\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red211\green188\blue97;
\red255\green204\blue0;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f28\fs24\cf16\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}}{\info{\title FOX BATTLE 2}{\author David Tilt}{\operator David Tilt}
{\creatim\yr2004\mo4\dy15\hr14\min12}{\revtim\yr2004\mo4\dy15\hr15\min31}{\version6}{\edmins81}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords916}{\nofchars5225}{\nofcharsws6416}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind5\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0{\*\background 
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft0\shptop0\shpright0\shpbottom0\shpfhdr0\shpbxmargin\shpbxignore\shpbymargin\shpbyignore\shpwr0\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt1\shpz0\shplid1025{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn fillColor}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn lineWidth}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fLine}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn bWMode}{\sv 9}}{\sp{\sn fBackground}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fLayoutInCell}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fLayoutInCell}{\sv 1}}}}}\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {
\b\f28\fs48\cf17\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 FOX BATTLE 2}{\b\f1\ul\cf16\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\f28\fs28\cf16\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 -THE SECOND COMING-}{\f28\fs12\cf16\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\f28\fs2\cf8\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
control + V and control + left arrow//control + V and control + left arrow//control + V and control + left arrow//control + V and control + left arrow//control + V and control + left arrow//control + V and control + left arrow//control + V and control + l
eft arrow//control + V and control + left arrow//control + V and control + left arrow//control + V and control + left arrow//}{\b\f1\fs28\ul\cf8\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\f28\cf16\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\b\f28\fs28\cf16\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 GAME HELP
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f28\fs24\cf16\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par }\pard \s15\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b0 FoxBattle2 is designed to be a two player game, of which the object is very simple: destroy your opponent.
\par 
\par }{\cf18 GAME}{\b0\cf18   }{\cf18 TYPES}{\b0\cf18 
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{BATTLE}{\b0   - A simple battle between the Green and Blue snailfoxes. A battle game has no rules, time limit, or other complications. Just blow up the enemy fox and avoid being blown up yourself. The battle bar at the top of t
he screen displays the health of each snailfox (the gold bar), the weapon and ammunition of each snailfox (see below), and the afterburner state of each snailfox (the thin, red bar). Health is fairly obvious - if the snailfox is damag
ed the health goes down; when the health reaches zero, the snailfox explodes. The weapon type can be changed using the swap weapon keys (see control help). The afterburner is a sneaky gadget that allows a snailfox to briefly increase its maximum speed. 
The afterburner is used up quickly, but regenerates when it is not being used. Displayed below the bar is the scoreboard, which shows the number of victories for each snailfox. In a battle game you could be presented with any of the objects below.
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{TAG}{\b0   - Like the playground game: the gold snailfox must tag (touch) the non-gold snailfox. The snailfox that is gold when the time runs out is destroyed. The tag bar at the top of the screen displays several things: the large bar in the center,
 and the percentage figures on either side of it show the proportion of the time that either snailfox has been gold, so the shorter the green bar, the better the green snailfox is. This is probably a better indication of who has won, but meh...\tab 
The thin, red bar shows the time left before the gold snailfox explodes (there will be five warning beeps when the timer gets low), and the number of times that each snailfox has been gold is displayed at the far left and right of the tag bar.
\par 
\par }{\cf18 OBJECTS
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{GOLD}{\b0  }{WALLS}{\b0 :    Solid, impenetrable walls through which nothing can pass.
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{GREY}{\b0  }{WALLS}{\b0 :    These walls can be destroyed with persistent effort. Powerups can pass through them, but everything else bounces right off.
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{ICE}{\b0 :    Reduces the friction and makes it harder to maneuver, but allows faster fox-speeds.
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{POWERUPS}{\b0 :    Grant new weapons, or more ammo. Catch them if you can!
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{MINES}{\b0 :    Grey mines are scattered throughout the levels. They pack a nasty punch, so avoid hitting them. Mines can be moved by shooting them, or destroyed with the plasmabolt weapon.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx795\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b0\fs10 \tab }{\fs10 
\par }\pard \s15\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {MOBILE}{\b0  }{MINES}{\b0 :    Nasty, red, flashy things that move  around, bouncing off walls. They go at different speeds so be wary when crossing their paths...
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{SENTINELS}{\b0 :    Automated, immobile anti-fox defense turrets. They will fire at any snailfox within range, but can easily be picked off if you know where they lie.
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{CRACKED}{\b0  }{FLOOR}{\b0 :    Maids are few and far between in the post-atomic world, so cracked or damaged floor tiles are not uncommon. They can usually be crossed safely at slow speed, but will collapse if a crossing snailfox goes too fast.
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{HOLES}{\b0 :    Left when a floor tile collapses. They cannot be crossed, and any snailfox attempting to do so shall surely be sucked down to its fate.
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{\b0 FOX POO:    Dropped by the occasional snailfox, despite the fact that they never seem to eat.
\par 
\par }{\cf18 WEAPONS
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{RAILGUN}{\b0 :    A good, solid weapon that all snailfoxes carry as standard. It has an average power rating, a good range, and a fairly fast speed, and due to the clever internal mechanisms of the snailfox, does not need to carry ammo.
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{FLAMETHROWER}{\b0 :    Since the introduction of carbon-fibre wall insulation in the late 2100s, the flamethrower has been unable to pass through walls as was once the case, but it is still a powerful weapon. It
s low power rating is made up for by its very high firing rate.
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{MICRO}{\b0 -}{UZI}{\b0 :    An excellent point-defense weapon. This uzi will destroy homing missiles, mines, and even plasmabolts at close range; however it is very inaccurate (though this can be used to the advantage of less abled fox-pilots) and 
its ammunition does not last forever.
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{HOMING}{\b0  }{MISSILE}{\b0 :    An overwhelming weapon if used on inexperienced snailfoxes. Once launched, the homing missile tracks down its target snailfox, and delivers its powerful payload. The only way to evade an angry homing missile
 is to remain perfectly still - this will confuse the systems, which are movement-based, and cause the missile to circle its target indefinitely. The missiles can be destroyed with any other weapon.
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{MAGNETIC}{\b0  }{MINES}{\b0 :    A powerful tactical weapon that can be used to block off the escape route of a snailfox. These mines are equipped with cloaking devices (unless the }{cloaking mines}{\b0  option
 is turned off), and once placed, silently wait for the enemy snailfox to approach. When in range, the mine will de-cloak and home in on its target. Mines can be shot down by any weapon except the flamethrower; and a maximum of fiv
e mines per snailfox can be placed at any one time.
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{PLASMABOLT}{\b0 :    A devastating weapon if used at close range. Plasmabolts are extremely powerful and can blast through walls in a few shots, but are slow moving and have a poor range. They are very useful in shoot
ing down magnetic mines as they home in.
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{CHAINGUN}{\b0 :    The weapon of choice of most snailfox pilots. The chaingun fires huge shells at high velocity that punch straight through the ablative armour of a snailfox, causing high damage. The enormous range and high accuracy 
of the chaingun makes it a potentially lethal weapon. Its only limitation is that of its ammunition limit.
\par }{\b0\fs10 
\par }{CLUSTER}{\b0  }{GRENADES}{\b0 :    A terrifying weapon of medium-to-mass destruction. Cluster grenades explode on contact with any object, and the ensuing shockwave blast is enough to blow straight through walls with one shot. Fortu
nately a maximum of five grenades can be obtained from any one powerup, but even so, the power of the cluster grenade is feared by all snailfox pilots, including those who use it - this is not a weapon to be used at close range...
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par (press esc)
\par }}